inadequate (adj.) not sufficient to meet a need
incentive (noun) a positive motivational influence
incidence (noun) the relative frequency of occurrence of something
incident (noun) a public disturbance
incidentally (adv.) of a minor or subordinate nature
inclined (adj.) at an angle to the horizontal or vertical position
incompetence (noun) lack of physical or intellectual ability or qualifications
inconsistent (adj.) displaying a lack of consistency
inconvenient (adj.) not suited to your comfort, purpose or needs
indefinitely (adv.) to an indefinite extent; for an indefinite time
indicator (noun) a device for showing the operating condition of some system
indifferent (adj.) showing no care or concern in attitude or action
indigenous (adj.) originating where it is found
indulge (verb) enjoy to excess
inefficient (adj.) not producing desired results; wasteful
inept (adj.) generally incompetent and ineffectual
inevitable (adj.) incapable of being avoided or prevented
inexpensive (adj.) relatively low in price or charging low prices
infamous (adj.) known widely and usually unfavorably
infinite (adj.) having no limits or boundaries in time or space or extent or magnitude
influence (noun) a power to affect persons or events especially power based on prestige etc
influential (adj.) having or exercising influence or power
influx (noun) the process of flowing in
ingenious (adj.) showing inventiveness and skill
inherent (adj.) in the nature of something though not readily apparent
injunction (noun) (law) a judicial remedy issued in order to prohibit a party from doing or continuing to do a certain activity
inland (adv.) towards or into the interior of a region
insight (noun) the clear (and often sudden) understanding of a complex situation
insistence (noun) the state of demanding notice or attention
inspector (noun) a high ranking police officer
instance (noun) an occurrence of something
instant (noun) a very short time
insufficient (adj.) of a quantity not able to fulfill a need or requirement
integral (adj.) essential to completeness; lacking nothing
integrity (noun) moral soundness
intellectual (adj.) appealing to or using the intellect
intelligence (noun) the ability to comprehend; to understand and profit from experience
intensive (adj.) characterized by a high degree or intensity; often used as a combining form
intention (noun) an act of intending; a volition that you intend to carry out
interact (verb) act together or towards others or with others
interim (noun) the time between one event, process, or period and another
intermediate (adj.) lying between two extremes in time or space or state
intervene (verb) get involved, so as to alter or hinder an action, or through force or threat of force
intervention (noun) the act of intervening (as to mediate a dispute, etc.)
intimacy (noun) close or warm friendship
intricate (adj.) having many complexly arranged elements; elaborate
invasion (noun) any entry into an area not previously occupied
inventive (adj.) (used of persons or artifacts) marked by independence and creativity in thought or action
investigator (noun) a police officer who investigates crimes
investor (noun) someone who commits capital in order to gain financial returns
invincible (adj.) incapable of being overcome or subdued
invoke (verb) cite as an authority; resort to
involuntary (adj.) not subject to the control of the will
involve (verb) engage as a participant